# heroku-next-postgres

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with
[`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Contributing

### First, install the project dependencies with `yarn`

Install the dependencies for the project with `yarn` which is a shortcut for
`yarn install`. [Yarn is a package manager](https://yarnpkg.com/) that
downloads packages from the [NPM Registry](https://www.npmjs.com/) of open
source packages that can help with many development tasks from compiling your
React app so that it downloads faster for users to converting time between
timezones or replacing words written in English into Spanish, Swahili, or
Mandarin.

You'll need to run `yarn` (or `yarn install`) often to keep up to date with the
npm packages other people may be adding to the project or updating to keep the
site secure. You can't run `yarn` too many times so don't worry about that;
once a day is a good habit, and if the app won't start start for some reason
running `yarn` to make sure your dependencies are up to date is always the
first step in troubleshooting to fix things.

### Next, run the database migrations

TK We use sequelize to store our database configurations as migrations that
we use both locally in development (in an SQLite file) and on Heroku (on a
Postgres database).

### First, run the development server:

Run `yarn run dev`, then open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
with your browser to see the result.

### Where things are in the app

You can start editing the home page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page
auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed
on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This
endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are
treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction)
instead of React pages.

### Preparing for a Pull Request

TK note about mentors helping every step of the way as requested, invitation to
ask lots of questions in Slack, read other people's code in code reviews,
etc.....

#### Linting Your Code

We use [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) to keep the code uniform and easy to
read following the [StandardJS Styleguide](https://standardjs.com/) . You can
check if your code will pass [our testing
system's](https://github.com/diffalot/heroku-next-postgres/actions) linting
step by running `yarn run lint` (which in turn runs `npx prettier .`). If the
code doesn't pass you can fix many linting errors with `yarn run format`
(`npx prettier --write`).

On [the Prettier website](https://prettier.io/) you'll find lots of information
about plugins and extensions you can install for your text editor (we recommend
[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)) that will automate
styling your code when you save or as you type, and don't forget about `yarn run format`.

#### Running Unit Tests

We write unit tests for all our API and some of the React frontend. We don't
have an API yet, but it will be tested when it arrives.

#### Running Cypress Tests

The React user interface is tested with Cypress to make sure that the front end
is always working well, especially the fragile parts that we don't update very
often but are used frequently.

#### Creating a Pull Request on GitHub

TK

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js
- features and API. [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive
- Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub
repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and
contributions are welcome!
